Ok so basically, its like 25 oct,, 10:50 pm... Ive started the work lmao, but y'all need consistent commits I js realized, so yuh that's what this .txt file is for.... Almost decided on idea

yo! here's a few random ideas lol: 1.live betting on nba games, normal bets are of the form who wins, does luka score over 30 etc... this is going to be more small bets of the form who scores the next point? how is the next point scored? (or cricket games too lol) 2.wager system between friends; or random people online talk and are like i bet ill defeat oyu in chess and then they play with a wager. friends like ill defeat oyu in fortnite and they play with a wager system. 3. productivity app with money punishment.. i have deposited some money in the app, then i say i will commpletely study chapter 2 of diestel today, then at the end of the day, i will use an llm as a judge to test me on it, and see if i actually learnt it. if i didnt, the stake is lost. or i say im going to complete building this feature tonight, at the end of the night, again llm as a judge tests me (so i guess sorta like the pumproyale idea lmao)

pay for stuff with paytm

the best experience for me was when we were playing 7 up 7 down, with like keeping on giving money etc etc... something fun like that... live betting on nba games, who scores the next point type shit. 


wtf dares is actually cool as fuck

productivity is cool when i can tell people im going to do something and then i do it. so a social app, where everyone has a profile and everyday they say a bunch of stuff like their goals etc. and then llm as a judge tests whether they accomplished those, maybe losers money goes to winners pool. orm maybe losers money helps pay for llm (or wait llm you can just use your own account llm right lol) and then you have a record of the whole day of each person, on the blockchain (and you can store also the llm chats) i mean ofc you can cheat also but wtv ignore that for now. then your whole life and proof of you achieving your goals is on the blockchain, kind of a social profile too, where you have a social profile (linking to twitter might be fun, cos on twitter people claim a bunch of stuff and they can have sort of blockchain proof of i accomplished this today). so you can look people up, see ok this guy is working hard achieving his goals daily, this guy is learning so much stuff daily wow

ok this dareboard idea i have is actually very fun lol... 
and the chess wager thing is there. looks easy to build... if i cant implement cool things, ill just do chess wager... 

Ok the productivity idea is final. That is what I wanna build... gotta figure out exact details a little bit, especially around judging, stake return, and the blockchain part

i thought a lot and i think i have come up with the basic and main features and sort of solved the main problems:
this is going to be a fulll social website of sorts, each user has their own id and page (basically like instagram)
STAKE: i dont want this to be like a money making platform, so the stake is more like a subscription for using the platform, say i take 2$ (per month say) from a person for using the platform, they just send me 2$ (no crypto needed here, they can give me 2$ howeveer they want) .. this 2$ will cover my ai judging and the gas cost (so im gonna be paying for their gas, called paymaster or soemthing right? so sleek account abstraction of sorts here) 
in return for their 2$, they can use the platform for one month. (so normal web2 type subscription here) 
COMMITMENT: on our website, they will make a commitment of the form: (number of goals, <goal vector>,  duration) (goal vector is a set of goals say) or maybe for demo i'll support only one goal. 
USER JUDGING: any time before the duration is up, they can click on goal completed button and take a small quiz (described below)...
JUDGING: im not overcomplicating this, im going to have llm as a judge, (i think we can use chatgpt api keys here?) im going to prompt the ai to take the goals as an input, and then i'll feed it some prompts for the type of questions it has to ask. it'll ask very simple questions, and be very forgiving. for coding tasks, itll ask for a little bit of code also maybe... very forgiving again, like assume goals completed till proved otherwise lmao... the output llm gives us will be a single word, pass/fail.  {will it be possible to use api keys and make use llm as a judge? like will we be able to program this?}
PASS/FAIL no dispute:  then i think i wanna use the attestation feature right? so first off we will store the complete llm chat and the user can add comments/write small blogpost there also maybe... and we will store this on our servers (no crypto here).. the only thing we will upload to the blockchain will be an attestation of the form @monyapp attests "userid" completed "goalstruct" . so a very small thing is uploaded on the blockchain (the rest is stored normally on profile)
Then we can upload this attestation on the blockchain. (how does this work? will we be able to program this for the demo?) (maybe in real case we can bundle per day, but for demo: i wanna be able to upload something (EAS attestation maybe) to the blockchain (testnet or wtv) to be able to show the judges, look proof of work on blockchain lol
USER PROFILE: on the user profile, you can see a list of all their commitments and wheteher they passed/failed. for each of these, you can view 1) the blockchain proof and 2) the llm chat we stored and their comments ect. 
we can make the user profile pretty by adding streak ect also
DISCOVER: in this you can see the list of all daily goals of all people that we have uploaded etc
DISPUTE: ok this is i guess interesting... i intend the platform as a productivity website, so people shouldnt cheat (im assuming optimism) so like if they claim they have done something i should believe them , so an idea i thought about this is, people will all login/attach their twitter account also... so if the llm fails them, and if they wanna dispute, my resolution technique is, they will need to send out a tweet on their main account, that links to this commitment on our website, and they can additionally add stuff like llm failed me but i had done this task actually (or wtv they wanna write)... i will just store this tweet on their user profile and PASS them then. the rest of the pass thing is same, they'll still get the @monyapp attestation. (the reason being, people prolly wont lie on their main twitter account about doing a task, when people can just go read the llm chat on our website and like fake tweet is a big deal prolly for them.

We had forgotten the profiles part... I think it should work now...

i want to have a call to open ai, for my proof-of-day thing, where basically, the input you get will be goal,scope ; and i need open ai api call to return two questions to test whether the user completed the goal. Example of goal, state can be- goal: Read Diestel Chapter 1 and first 10 excerices... scope: understand all definitions, theorems, and do the example problems, except the contraction and minor part Then the two questions you return should be not very difficult, they should not test mastery, but just if the user actually did what he said he would. they should be able to be answered quickly, within a couple minutes or so. do not make the question too escoteric and instead test basic/fundamental knowledge of chapter... for example for diestel question, a good example would be: 1) define the girth of a graph 2) sketch the proof that a graph is bipartite if it contains no odd cycles ______ Write me a prompt that i can put inside the open ai call... (the const system prompt) that will accomplish this
